\chapter{Summary}
\label{chap:Summary}
\begin{comment}
A measurement of the inclusive 2-jet (3-jet) event cross sections has
been presented in a range of $0.3 < \httwo < 2.0\TeV$ ($0.3 < \httwo <
1.68\TeV$) for the average \pt of the two leading jets at central
rapidity of $|y|<2.5$. The data sample has been collected from
proton-proton collisions at 8\TeV centre-of-mass energy and
corresponds to an integrated luminosity of 19.7\fbinv. The data are
found to be well described by calculations at NLO in pQCD complemented
with NP corrections that are important at low \httwo. The upwards
trend seen in the 2- and 3-jet data at high \httwo in comparison to
the prediction at NLO QCD, is explained by the onset of EWK
corrections in the 2-jet case. For the 3-jet event cross section these
correction have not yet been computed.

In the 3-jet to 2-jet cross section ratio the EWK corrections are
assumed to cancel. In fact, NLO QCD provides an adequate description
of \ratio in the accessible range of \httwo.  In contrast, LO
tree-level MC predictions exhibit significant deviations.

Based on the observed agreement, the strong coupling constant is
determined in a fit to the \ratio measurement to

\begin{eqnarray*}
  \alpsmz &=& 0.1150\,\pm0.0010\,\textrm{(exp)}\,\pm0.0013\,\textrm{(PDF)}\,\pm0.0015\,\textrm{(NP)}\,^{+0.0050}_{-0.0000}\,\textrm{(scale)}\\
  &=& 0.1150\,\pm0.0023\,\textrm{(all except scale)}\,^{+0.0050}_{-0.0000}\,\textrm{(scale)}\,.
\end{eqnarray*}

using the MSTW2008 PDF set. Employing the MMHT2014 PDF set instead
leads to very similar results. Equally compatible determinations of
\alpsmz are achieved with separate fits to the inclusive 2-jet and
3-jet event cross sections employing various PDF sets provided the
range in \httwo is restricted to $0.3 < \httwo < 1.0\TeV$.  The result
for \alpsmz is in agreement with previous determinations obtained by
the ATLAS and CMS collaborations~\cite{Chatrchyan:2013txa,
  Chatrchyan:2013haa, Khachatryan:2014waa, CMS:2014mna, ATLAS:2015yaa,
  Khachatryan:2016mlc} and with the world average value of $\alpsmz =
0.1181 \,\pm\, 0.0011$ derived in Ref.~\cite{Patrignani:2016xmw}.
\end{comment}
